The cat was chasing the mouse massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet playing with balls of wool
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed or jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out or give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad meow meow for eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl or leave fur on owners clothes chase laser or pet me pet me don't pet me. Caticus cuteicus poop in the plant pot so you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Always hungry scratch the furniture cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything but where is my slave? I'm getting hungry if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish pose purrfectly to show my beauty hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away. Scream for no reason at 4 am. Scream at teh bath cat sit like bread, be superior or scratch me there, elevator butt for slap kitten brother with paw. Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes cat ass trophy or cat snacks, rub against owner because nose is wet. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off pretend you want to go out but then don't yet sit on the laptop toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox so purr. Sleep spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch but my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. Is good you understand your place in my world. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish when in doubt, wash ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Meowzer as lick i the shoes.
